okay so this is me watching the goodbye
scene from dims hang on that dreaded
beach so let's do this it's the
Holograms this hair is even perfect when
he's a hologram
Oh sonicate it salted it
Oh
Roger
Communiversity claps
look at his precious little face so cute
it is over I dated school he darling
Oh stranden garlic coming stream rates
the bag Boothbay
Oh
mr. McKinnon
mom dad okay baby
three months gone Tyler's in the way
yeah I'm back working to help
face is so cute
why does this face so just hot fucking
pennant get out it's highly defender
good oh hey I hate it I hate it
especially fuck he's dead Oh somebody
you are living life they are today
Purdue you are you are rose you're gonna
see him again Rose I'm gonna see McGinn
Rose no not on his own
I love I love you I love you I love you
Rose Tyler
they hit this car
Oh
oh she's so sad she's kind
because that is faces this phase is so
sad I don't like it